fix(sonarr): Add Missing Optionals (#1657)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf/radarr-optional.md

>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['bad-dual-groups']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] These groups take the original release, then they add their own preferred language (ex. Portuguese) as the main audio track (AAC 2.0), What results after renaming and FFprobe that the media file will be recognized as Portuguese AAC audio. It's a common rule that you add the best audio as first.
>     Also they often even rename the release name in to Portuguese.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['bad-dual-groups']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] These groups take the original release and add their own language track (e.g. AAC 2.0 Portuguese) as the first track. Afterward, FFprobe would determine that the media file is Portuguese. It's a common rule that you only add the best audio as the main track.
    Also they often even rename the release name into Portuguese.
```

>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['evo-no-webdl']['name'] }}:** This group is often banned for the low quality Blu-ray releases, but their WEB-DL are okay.
>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['no-rlsgroup']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Some indexers strip out the release group what could result in LQ groups getting a higher score. For example a lot of EVO releases end up stripping the group name, so they appear as "upgrades", and they end up getting a decent score if other things match.
>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['obfuscated']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] (use these only if you dislike renamed releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['evo-no-webdl']['name'] }}:** This group is often banned for low-quality Blu-ray releases, but their WEB-DLs are okay.
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['no-rlsgroup']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Some indexers strip out the release group which could result in LQ groups being scored incorrectly. For example, a lot of EVO releases end up with a stripped group name. These releases would appear as "upgrades" and could end up getting a decent score after other CFs are scored.
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['obfuscated']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use these only if you wish to avoid renamed releases.
```

>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['retags']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this only if you dislike retagged releases. This will help avoid retagged releases that may no longer meet the quality of the original group
>     - **{{ radarr['cf']['scene']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] (use these only if you dislike scene releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['retags']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this if you want to avoid retagged releases. Retagged releases often are not consistent with the quality of the original group's release.
    - **{{ radarr['cf']['scene']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this only if you want to avoid SCENE releases.
```
